RogueLaw is a difficult pixel art Spaghetti Western Roguelite. 

Essentially every run you play as a new outlaw with a new name and random stats. you explore towns and complete jobs like robbing horses to robbing banks to robbing stage coaches. All of them different "minigames" that could go terribly wrong. your stats are affected by your equipped items, like clothing and weapons and usables. you can hire people to work with you by giving them a cut of your pay or hiring them one time for a flat fee. as you progress, you get a bounty that goes up, the law starts noticing, people start treating you differently, and you continue onwards via traveling by horse solo or with your crew. on your travels you might encounter bandits, dead coaches, rattlesnakes, poison, etc. its supposed to be random and difficult, but as you play the game you learn more about it. Eventually when your bounty gets high enough bounty hunters start chasing you. these are the hardest fights in the game. You can fight in showdowns, gamble in casinos, steal lovers, create your own run objectives, with the entire goal of the game being GTT. (gone to texas) horse upgrades and horse stats, gun upgrades and gun stats, person upgrades and person stats, etc. youre creating your own legend each run. each run will be 15-60 minutes depending on how well you do. The meta game is unlocking roles, guns, horses, via achievements or bounty level. your highest recorded bounty and all of your characters will be on the cottonwood sign. as you play the game, your old characters can appear as ghosts, adding a supernatural element to the game. god also intervenes. cattle, horses, enemies, friends, bartenders, traveling doctors, i want every possible spaghetti western term to be in this game. its exploration meets aura meets roguelike/roguelites.